this is the first of a 100 Wells we're
going to build in this video oh
water oh crap you just witnessed a small
village in Kenya get access to unlimited
clean drinking water in less than a
second one down 99 more wells in Africa
to go you're going to love this video
combined these 100 Wells are going to
give around half a million people fresh
water to drink and after building some
more Wells on this side of Kenya we flew
South to the school system of niri and
let's just say they were really happy to
see us how's it going it's not expecting
this thank you for the
welcome sure how to
react I appreciate it everybody this
Village threw a welcome ceremony upon
our arrival and noan got really into it
no one's the most awkward person I've
ever met and that's a lot coming from me
and after being shown around the school
here comes Our Guest how's it going are
you having a good day it's nice meeting
you one of the teachers showed me where
the students currently get their water
which is from this River that's
extremely unsafe to drink this where
your students used to get water from yes
this is crazy yeah you know students
complaining of diarrhea infections like
typhoid because this is the water we've
been using so we try to treat but you
see look at it you know but at the end
of the day life has to move on you have
to get some water anyway this situation
is obviously extremely sad these
children's lives are being limited and
sometimes cut short from being forced to
drink unsafe water but at least for this
Village we're going to put it into it
right now I don't think this John's
going to
fit that a big H let's see if we can
find some
water it is raining it's beautiful after
the water comes out of the ground it's
fed into enormous barrels like this one
and once they're built into the water
towers all of the neighboring villages
will not only have clean drinking water
but a pressurized water source as well
which in short means no more doing
laundry and unsafe water and pull on a
scale of one to Nolan's mom how heavy is
it Nolan's mom times two oh god dude
I'll push you off of
it all right here we go under control we
built 20 more wells in Kenya and after
we were done BR has another well in here
don't worry I have more water in my
other shoe and just so you know how we
built these first 29 Wells we use this
giant drill to dig hundreds of feet into
the ground past the polluted sources and
into an enormous aquifer of pure
drinkable water after that we spent time
installing pipes so that people all
around Africa can access water from
spets like this one in niri let's see
how it
taste like water it took me about a
minute to fill this 5 gallon drum how
much water can this provide a day 3,600
gallons a day not only will this well
cover the 400 kids at this school but
literally the entire neighborhood and
Village around this school can use this
well we say thank you for the work oh no
problem this thing can basically pump
non-stop for 30 years you would think
that having an effect of this magnitude
would require the resources and funding
of a large government but that's not
true solving this problem is possible
and something Humanity should all be
putting effort in to fix what's this
secret of success to be honest just find
something you love doing and do it for a
long period and eventually you'll
succeed so I'm going to bring it super
close see us is that cool yeah if you
look up it's
recording all right well I'm going to
get close all
right yeah you can see yourself we were
also able to install a well for this
Village and this Village and these 12
other Villages and while we were
finishing these Wells we were also able
to update one of their schools with
brand new computers how are they liking
it they really like they like them glad
to see it turned out well and we also
updated the classrooms with new
furniture installed shelves and filled
them with new books donated a soccer
ball for every
student and even put modern whiteboards
and projectors in all the classrooms do
you guys like the
projector we were using a choke I had a
lot of dust but today everything is
clean we truly appreciate no problem
it's the least we can do but then when
we flew out to the side of the 45th well
we realized this community had it even
harder every time they need to get
watered they need to take a treacherous
mile long hike through the jungle and
that mile long hike also happens to be
on a Giant Mountain I wake up very early
about 4:00 so that I can fetch water for
the school we are not safe fetching
water here that place is very slippery
chances of getting an injur is very high
so while we worked on their well the
community took me to see how they
currently Source their water you guys
would have to make this trip how many
times a day two times two times a day oh
wow so a typical student would carry
something like this yes oh God if 200
students did this every day how hard
could it be it could be very hard oh oh
boy dang this is very steep we're just
walking down this mountain
forever it was actually surprising how
difficult this hike was and these people
go through all of that just to get to
the spet that's water is still unsafe to
drink this is where you guys get your
water from normally yes and filled with
water these jugs can weigh up to 40 lb
which is INS for these children to be
carrying up this mountain the ladies can
carry two of those oh I totally can as
well then and as soon as these jugs were
filled it was time to head all the way
back up hurry up let's go he's not even
sweating or anything I got it I got it
and now instead of spending hours a day
for unsafe water their new well is only
10 ft away from the school so they can
just fill it up here now I'm too tired
and so we were on our way to the next
village where we built our 46 well but
we ran into a little problem we found
out that this Village is divided in half
by this huge dangerous river it may not
look like much now but when the rainy
season comes the water comes up this
high and literally swallows this bridge
and why this bridge is such a big deal
is the village is over there the
hospital and schools are over there so
they're Crossing this bridge multiple
times a day despite how dangerous this
bridge is it's their only option this
River when it is swollen it can sweep
away people students or even animals in
the recent past we have lost about three
people trying to cross this River this
loss of life is insane and absolutely
unacceptable the moment we heard about
this we knew we had to help so while we
started work on a new bridge that would
let them reach their well we then
traveled over 2,000 mil from Kenya to
the country of Zimbabwe we've been in
Africa for over a week and we still have
a lot more Wells to do you kind of smell
I know it's weird I showed this morning
wow can if you let me finish I can put
my arms down can I count on you two to
finish these WS with me yes yes yes yes
first on the agenda was was to check out
a local hospital that was in dire need
of Clean Water upon entering we learned
how big of an impact this Clinic had on
the village how many kids do you guys
give birth to a year here in a month 15
2 600 births a year wow but
unfortunately the pregnant mothers at
this Clinic have to walk over a mile
just to get water and then carry these
heavy buckets all the way back however
the good news is we paid for the
construction of a new modern well for
them all that needed to be done now was
to turn it on all right Nolan are you
ready I'm ready over let me get a
dramatic zoom
in Nolan I pressed the button is it
working it's flowing
oh do we want to go check it out let's
do
it I love how people are immediately
just getting water right now this is
easily the coolest thing ever uh Nolan
here is a professional dancer he will
join how do I always end up dancing
what is he
doing oh gosh all I I won't make you
watch this anymore besides ensuring
access to clean water a lot of the
students at this Village lack
Transportation so we decided to give all
of them new
bicycles I know it looks like a lot of
kids but we bought a lot of
bikes full disclosure I don't know how
to ride a bike Jimmy only knows how to
give away bikes never learned how to
ride one let's break in all the new
bicycles 3 2 1 go everyone's passing me
be careful I don't have to ride a bike I
don't want to hit anyone you want to
ride it all right go for it little man
okay and after giving away the bikes we
continue building wells until we reach
well number 69 this solar powered well
is specially designed to Aid the farmers
in this Village by providing more than
enough water for all of their crops and
livestock even during the dry season
without any electricity each panel is
200 W and it's attached to a pump that
pump can pump 5,000 L every hour
basically it's unlimited amount of water
for this entire Village that's
incredible and after we left Zimbabwe we
wanted to continue to give water to
communities all across Africa so we
built more wells in Uganda Somalia and
Cameroon if you want to see more of what
we did in Cameroon there's a whole video
about that coming soon on the phany
channel spending time in these Villages
really made me reflect on the importance
of building Wells how it brings water to
Farms to feed the hungry how it provides
clean conditions for hospitals and most
importantly how helps the children of
this next Generation live long healthy
lives and build the future for all of
these communities we AWA a new dawn of
clean drinking water water is life and
with some help from the locals we
finally finished a new bridge that this
community can use for the next 100 years
lives has been saved families will come
together the worries will be gone the
100 Wells we built in this video will
change a lot of lives but not enough
which is why before you go I want to
urge you all to go to Beast
philanthropy. sells or click the link in
description and donate money if possible
we're literally not profiting a dime off
this video 100% of the money we raised
is going to go towards building more
Wells like you saw in this video All
Around the Globe I know it's weird that
a YouTuber has to do all this stuff but
someone's got to do it and if no one
else is we're going to do it as you can
tell it really does change the lives of
the communities where we build them and
finally well
100 oh my God I'm so sorry e b
[Music]
6,000